- one declaration per file extensions are exception rule added resolv… (#5377)
realm/SwiftLint: CHANGELOG.md

## Main

> #### Enhancements

Reviewer: There's an "Enhancements" section in line 11/20 already. Please add your entry there.

## Main

> * Rule added that allows one Class/Struct/Enum/Protocol per file but extensions are exception.  

Reviewer: This entry should go into the `Enhancements` section.

```suggestion
* Add new `one_declaration_per_file` rule that allows only a
  single class/struct/enum/protocol declaration per file.
  Extensions are an exception; more than one is allowed.  
```

#### Enhancements

> * Add new `one_declaration_per_file` rule that allows only a
>   single class/struct/enum/protocol declaration per file.
>   Extensions are an exception; more than one is allowed. 
>   
>   [Muhammad Zeeshan](https://github.com/mzeeshanid)
>   [#2802](https://github.com/realm/SwiftLint/issues/2802)

Reviewer: ```suggestion
* Add new `one_declaration_per_file` rule that allows only a
  single class/struct/enum/protocol declaration per file.
  Extensions are an exception; more than one is allowed.  
  [Muhammad Zeeshan](https://github.com/mzeeshanid)
  [#2802](https://github.com/realm/SwiftLint/issues/2802)
```

#### Enhancements

* Add new `one_declaration_per_file` rule that allows only a
  single class/struct/enum/protocol declaration per file.
  Extensions are an exception; more than one is allowed. 
  
  [Muhammad Zeeshan](https://github.com/mzeeshanid)
  [#2802](https://github.com/realm/SwiftLint/issues/2802)

#### Bug Fixes

* None.

#### Breaking

* None.

> #### Experimental

Author: Is the following enough?

#### Enhancements

* Add new `one_declaration_per_file` rule that allows only a
  single class/struct/enum/protocol declaration per file.
  Extensions are an exception; more than one is allowed. 
  
  [Muhammad Zeeshan](https://github.com/mzeeshanid)
  [#2802](https://github.com/realm/SwiftLint/issues/2802)
